I'm in the frozen north and this is the
trail of the biggest of the cats the
tiger and the biggest of the Tigers a
Siberian tiger surely the most
formidable hunter of all
until human beings devised weapons for
themselves this was the most powerful
killer on earth the top predator few
creatures could escape it nothing could
threaten it but that has now changed
hunting animals need hunting grounds and
that inevitably brings them in conflict
with humanity once there are Tigers all
over Asia from Sumatra and Bali in the
South India in the west up to Siberia in
the north but sadly over much of those
areas that tiger has disappeared and
even this one is in captivity
big caps like the same sort of meat as
human beings as well as eating human
beings so it's scarcely surprising that
the two don't coexist very easily but
once these magnificent meat eaters were
the Lords of the land the ultimate in
lethal grace and beauty
you